Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#28)
eddiejaoude/stargate: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # 🤝***First time contributing? We will help you out.*** 👍

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 🤝 ***First time contributing? We will help you out.*** 👍
```

![GitHub custom open for collaboration](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20For-Collaboration-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)

> Refer to the following articles on the basics of Git and Github and can also contact the Project Mentors, in case you are stuck:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the following articles on the basics of Git and Github. You can also contact the Project Mentors, in case you are stuck:
```

Author: I have corrected it. Thank you for pointing it out

- [Getting started with Git and GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/getting-started-with-github)
- [Forking a Repo](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo)

> - [Cloning a Repo](https://help.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-to-projects/creating-a-pull-request)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Cloning a Repo](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository)
```
This is a better article for cloning a repo. Previous one directed to wrong article(creating a pull request)

- [How to create a Pull Request](https://opensource.com/article/19/7/create-pull-request-github)

> ***If you don't have git on your machine, [install it](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/).***

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
***If you don't have Git on your machine, [install it](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/).***
```
A small grammatical fix: Git should start with a capital 'G'

## 💥 How to Contribute

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.png?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)

> - Take a look at the Existing [Issues](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) or create your own Issues!
> - Wait for the Issue to be assigned to you after which you can start working on it.
> - Fork the Repo and create a Branch for any Issue that you are working upon.
> - Create a Pull Request which will be promptly reviewed and suggestions would be added to improve it.
> - Add Screenshots to help us know what this Script is all about.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Take a look at the existing [Issues](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) or create your own Issues!
- Wait for the Issue to be assigned to you after which you can start working on it.
- Fork the Repo and create a branch for any Issue that you are working upon.
- Create a Pull Request which will be promptly reviewed and suggestions would be added to improve it.
- Add screenshots to help us know what this script is all about.
```

Author: I have corrected it. Thank you for pointing it out.

> ## ⭐HOW TO MAKE A PULL REQUEST:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ⭐ HOW TO MAKE A PULL REQUEST:
```

**1.** Fork [this](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) repository.
Click on the <a href="https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/ios/24/000000/code-fork.png"></a> symbol at the top right corner.

**2.** Clone the forked repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/stargate
```

**3.** Navigate to the project directory.

```bash
cd stargate
```
**5.** Create a new branch:
```bash
git checkout -b <YourBranchName>
```

**6.** Make changes in source code.

**7.** Stage your changes and commit

```bash
git add <file1,file2....>
```
```bash
git commit -m "<your_commit_message>"
```

**8.** Push your local commits to the remote repo.

```bash
git push origin <YourBranchName>
```

> **9.** Create a [PR](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**9.** Create a [Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) !
```

Think it is more easy to start without using any abbreviations 🤔 but that's only my point of view

> **10.** **Congratulations!** Sit and relax, you've made your contribution to [Stargate](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**10.** **Congratulations!** Sit and relax, you've made your contribution to the [Stargate](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) project.
```

Author: I have corrected it. Thank you for pointing it out

> **10.** **Congratulations!** Sit and relax, you've made your contribution to the[Stargate](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) project.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**10.** **Congratulations!** Sit and relax, you've made your contribution to the [Stargate](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) project.
```
A space between those would look a bit better

> **10.** **Congratulations!** Sit and relax, you've made your contribution to the[Stargate](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) project.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**10.** **Congratulations!** Sit and relax, you've made your contribution to the [Stargate](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) project.
```
I think there is a space missing here

> ***:trophy: After this, project leaders and mentors will review the changes and will merge your PR if they are found good, otherwise we will suggest the required changes.***

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
***:trophy: After this, project leaders and mentors will review the changes and will merge your PR if they add value, or they will suggest any required changes.***
```

Author: I have corrected it. Thank you for pointing it out

> ## Style Guides for Git Commit Messages:memo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## :memo: Style Guides for Git Commit Messages
```

Maybe to be consistent replace the emoji to the start of the line

> #### Here's a list of some good to have points, that can add more value to your contribution logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Here's a list of some good to have points, that can add more value to your contribution logs.
```

Going from header level 2 to 4 isn't semantically correct.

Author: I have corrected it. Thank you for pointing it out

- fix: a commit of the type fix patches a bug in your codebase (this correlates with PATCH in semantic versioning).
- feat: a commit of the type feat introduces a new feature to the codebase (this correlates with MINOR in semantic versioning).

> - BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic           versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.
```
It looks like there's some extra whitespace here.

> - BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic        versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.
```

Reviewer 3: Still some extra blank spaces left. Please go through all the suggested changes! 🙂

> - BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic        versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.
```
I think there is some extra whitespace here

Reviewer 5: @muthuannamalai12 these comments were marked as resolved but no comment or changes were made?

Author: Sorry. It was my mistake I thought it was resolved. Now I have made the required changes

> - types other than fix: and feat: are allowed, for example @commitlint/config-conventional (based on the the Angular convention) recommends build:, chore:, ci:, docs:, style:,     refactor:, perf:, test:, and others.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- types other than fix: and feat: are allowed, for example @commitlint/config-conventional (based on the Angular convention) recommends build:, chore:, ci:, docs:, style:, refactor:, perf:, test:, and others.
```
Some extra whitespace 😅

- footers other than BREAKING CHANGE: <description> may be provided and follow a convention similar to git trailer format.
 
For more detailed reference to the above points, refer <a href="https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/">here</a>

## 💥 Issues:

> For major changes, you are welcomed to open an issue  about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements will be appreciated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For major changes, you are welcomed to open an issue about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements will be appreciated.
```

Double-spacing here.

Author: I have corrected it. Thank you for pointing it out

> #### All the Best!🥇

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the Best!🥇
```

Not sure this should be a header at all.

Author: I have corrected it. Thank you for pointing it out

- fix: a commit of the type fix patches a bug in your codebase (this correlates with PATCH in semantic versioning).
- feat: a commit of the type feat introduces a new feature to the codebase (this correlates with MINOR in semantic versioning).
- BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic           versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.
- types other than fix: and feat: are allowed, for example @commitlint/config-conventional (based on the the Angular convention) recommends build:, chore:, ci:, docs:, style:,     refactor:, perf:, test:, and others.
- footers other than BREAKING CHANGE: <description> may be provided and follow a convention similar to git trailer format.
 
For more detailed reference to the above points, refer <a href="https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/">here</a>

## 💥 Issues:
For major changes, you are welcomed to open an issue  about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements will be appreciated.

#### All the Best!🥇

<p align = "center">

> <a href="https://github.com/eddiejaoude"><img src="http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg" alt="built by developers"></a>

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure if we want this badge.
This is an opensource project that wasn't just built by developers : )
(Inclusive-ness is generally a great thing to portray)
Every contribution matters-!

Author: I will remove it

Author: I have removed it @Vyvy-vi

Author: I have removed it. Thank you for pointing it out

**2.** Clone the forked repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/stargate
```

**3.** Navigate to the project directory.

```bash
cd stargate
```
**5.** Create a new branch:
```bash
git checkout -b YourBranchName
```

**6.** Make changes in source code.

**7.** Stage your changes and commit

```bash
git add .
```
```bash
git commit -m "<your_commit_message>"
```

**8.** Push your local commits to the remote repo.

```bash
git push origin YourBranchName
```

**9.** Create a [PR](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) !

**10.** **Congratulations!** Sit and relax, you've made your contribution to [Stargate](https://github.com/eddiejaoude/stargate) project.

***:trophy: After this, project leaders and mentors will review the changes and will merge your PR if they are found good, otherwise we will suggest the required changes.***

## Style Guides for Git Commit Messages:memo:

#### Here's a list of some good to have points, that can add more value to your contribution logs.

> - Use the present tense (example: "Add feature" and not "Added feature")

Reviewer 4: Maybe we can mention the use of conventional commit messages?

Reviewer 4: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/

- Use the imperative mood (example: "Move item to...", instead of "Moves item to...")
- Limit the first line (also called subject line) to 50 characters or less
- Capitalize the subject line
- Separate subject from body with a blank line
- Do not end the subject line with a period
- Wrap the body at 72 characters
- Use the body to explain what, why, vs, and how
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line

For more detailed reference to the above points, refer here: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit.

## 💥 Issues:
For major changes, you are welcomed to open an issue  about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements will be appreciated.

#### All the Best!🥇

<p align = "center">

> <a href="https://github.com/muthuannamalai12"><img src="http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg" alt="built by developers"></a>

Reviewer 6: I think this image links to your profile, maybe we can change it to EddieHub or Eddie's github profile

- fix: a commit of the type fix patches a bug in your codebase (this correlates with PATCH in semantic versioning).
- feat: a commit of the type feat introduces a new feature to the codebase (this correlates with MINOR in semantic versioning).
- BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a ! after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR in semantic        versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.

> - types other than fix: and feat: are allowed, for example @commitlint/config-conventional (based on the the Angular convention) recommends build:, chore:, ci:, docs:, style:,   refactor:, perf:, test:, and others.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
+ types other than fix: and feat: are allowed, for example @commitlint/config-conventional (based on the the Angular convention) recommends build:, chore:, ci:, docs:, style:, refactor:, perf:, test:, and others.
```

Reviewer 5: @muthuannamalai12 these were marked as resolved with no comment or change?

Author: Sorry. It was my mistake I thought it was resolved. Now I have made the required changes
